Implement Exception Hierarchy For Better Error Handling (#78)
WordPress/php-ai-client: AGENTS.md

All parameters, return values, and properties must use explicit type hints, except in cases where providing the correct type hint would be impossible given limitations of backward compatibility with PHP 7.4. In any case, concrete type annotations using PHPStan should be present.

### Exception handling

All exceptions must use the project's custom exception classes rather than PHP built-in exceptions. This includes:

- Use `WordPress\AiClient\Common\Exception\InvalidArgumentException` instead of PHP's `\InvalidArgumentException`

> - Use `WordPress\AiClient\Common\Exception\RuntimeException` instead of PHP's `\RuntimeException`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the custom primitive exceptions in `WordPress\AiClient\Common\Exception\` instead of the PHP primitive exceptions
- If a PHP primitive exception is needed that doesn't have a custom exception counterpart, then create one that extends the primitive and implements AiClientExceptionInterface
```

Author: I  agree with you. Resolved here https://github.com/WordPress/php-ai-client/pull/78/commits/d2f5d62cfde4faad4900dd557c15615c9676c908
